all right so I'm gonna pour it to
Shattrath or and I will see what happens
there I've yet to see it so we will both
be surprised I'm probably gonna be a
long load screen because of the settings
and everything so yeah I guess feel free
to skip ahead in the movie or I could
cut this out but I'm sure I'll be too
lazy so here we go I am swimming huh so
it's still a lot of fog here let's see
let's see if I can change something oh
that's why let me go up higher and we'll
see a big difference I don't know why
I'm still like swimming but uh that
works there we go let me cut that off
and then let's just see here I don't
even know which way I'm looking that's
probably in that grand over there all
right let's try this
so do five thousand view distance with
no fog and none of that there we go
wow that is awesome holy crap I've never
seen it like that
Wow that is so cool you can all see
almost see the entire Outland from the
middle point by doing this good grief
holy crap I'm definitely gonna play with
this a lot more and I mean it is pretty
like laggy the framerate but it's still
actually playable which is the craziest
part about this so naturally I'm just
gonna push it farther to 6000 be ready
for a crash oh you can see oh my gosh
you can see the the raids and instances
over there as well so so I am here and I
can see all the way here wow that is so
cool I'm trying to think of where else I
can do this now